I shot Idrisi, twice!
There's no way he's
getting back up from that.
- Is he alive?
- It's true, he's alive.
The drop was a setup!
They've taken Jensen!
Project Tenebrae, that's the real enemy.
If Idrisi's alive, we need to
find out which black site he's in.
There's a site I redesigned,
you might manage to find a way
in, but there's no way
you'll ever get out.
- Will.
- I told her about the farmhouse.
Boss, do you copy?
Operation compromised.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Jawedan.
Can you walk?
I think so.
We need to go. Omair, we need to go.
My father, he gave this
to me when I was twelve.
Before he died... he...
Omair!
Omair.
- Can you hear me?
- Can you hear me?!
Omair! Omair!
Tell me about the terrorist cells
in Nangarhar. Give me some names.
- Locations. Or we go again.
- He's had enough.
He keeps dying.
We keep bringing him back, the
human body can only take so much.
And in a month, he hasn't given us
a single piece of actionable intel.
We start again in an hour.
- Sitrep.
- Clear.
We're at the
last of Volkan's warehouses.
How are the boys doing?
McAlister and Wyatt are
en route to the black site.
You just find out what
happened to Rachel Sheridan.
Copy that.
Careful. It could be rigged.
Clear.
Jesus. It's Rachel Sheridan.
Rachel Sheridan's dead.
They've done a number on her.
We have to assume that Jane
and Volkan got the location of
the site, and are coming for Idrisi.
I have no other choice.
Your office told me where you were.
There's a black site...
in Klomino, Poland.
Paid for with a Special
Operations slush fund
and controlled by you.
You know I can't talk
about this shit, Adeena.
Jane Lowry knows Idrisi's
there. She took out Krieger,
Sheridan. And now she's coming for him.
You're telling me that I have
Omair Idrisi at this site.
You are aware that I was the one
who ordered the MOP strike on him?
Let's not waste time being cute.
D'you have any evidence or
solid facts to support these
ludicrous claims?
Your site is off the grid.
That means if anything
happens, there's no backup,
no reinforcements.
Tighten your security.
You really want me to get on
the phone to your people and tell
them you're slinging around
unfounded accusations like this?
Jesus, Adeena. You'll be a laughing stock.
We're both on the same side here.
Our intel is that Jane Lowry
is going to the black site.
That isn't going to
change. We need to stop her.
Parker gave me nothing.
I see no other option. Mission is a go.
Get to Idrisi before Jane does,
secure him and bring him out.
And if you run into her,
don't leave her alive.
Copy that.
Pretty regular sweep of guard patrols.
That's a good time to go underground.
It wasn't your fault,
mate, what happened to Lila.
I know exactly what is and
isn't my fault, McAllister.
I'm just staying on mission.
What are you doing here?
Work. Where's the team?
McAllister and Wyatt are
infiltrating the black site.
Reynolds and Novin have
found Rachel Sheridan dead.
And you are going back to hospital.
- To do what?
- To recover.
No. No, sorry, ma'am,
I've got a job to do here.
I'm up to speed
on the black site, alright?
You have the comms, Lance Corporal.
Bravo, send sitrep.
Johnson, is that you?
Back at work already?
Respect.
Just living for the day, you
get my name right, Sergeant.
Well, you're gonna be living a long time.
We're entering the arterial tunnel now.
Copy that.
Comms'll be out the moment you
get beyond the perimeter, they'll
have a pretty sophisticated
jamming system in there.
The black site itself will be
fairly rudimentary, but Sheridan
retrofitted the old Soviet base with
a system of emergency lockdowns
that you really don't want to
be the ones to trigger.
Yeah, we're screwed. Got it.
It's good to hear your voice, mate.
- Ready?
- Yep.
1, 2, 3.
Good luck.
See you on the other side.
Comms are now out.
Have you heard of something
called Project Tenebrae, ma'am?
Lowry said something about it being
the real enemy, erm, before she, er...
I don't know, it just seemed important.
You should look into it.
But right now, we should
focus on the mission.
You son of a bitch.
Can you make a bit more noise?
It's rusted.
Jesus, Jensen!
Captain.
Er, I'm glad you're here, actually. Er...
Er... Donovan asked me to look
into something while she was gone,
and... and I've found I
need second level clearance.
I don't believe this.
It concerns Lowry.
You shouldn't be at work.
Captain, time is an issue.
And, er, Donovan's not
due back for a while.
Alright.
Captain. Sorry, erm, do you
mind if we have the room?
Yeah, of course.
It's done.
Erm...
Jensen, it's good to have you back.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Following up a lead.
No. Here. Back at work.
It hasn't even been twentyfour hours.
I don't blame you, if
that's what you're worried about.
Yeah? You should!
I left you in the car and you
weren't even meant to be in
the fucking field.
Can this not wait?
Have you looked at yourself, Will?
Have you looked at what
they've done to ya? Have you?
Why are you doing this?
This fucking life, it's not for you.
It's not.
Please.
Are we done here? Erm,
because this work isn't.
Clear.
- Move.
- Moving.
Black site secure zone dead ahead.
Shit! Is that a metal
detector? Rachel Sheridan never
mentioned that.
If we go through there all geared up,
we'll have every alarm
in the place ringing.
What are you doing?
You watch my back from
here. I'll check ahead.
Unarmed?
You know another way round?
And while we're talking, I don't know.
You don't know what?
What I'm going to do
when I see Idrisi again.
Why the hell are you telling me this now?
Out of respect. Besides, you
can't shout at me, can you?
Asshole.
Set.
1, 2...
We're on high alert. Who gave
you permission to open the cell?
Erm, Doctor Pryce needed
to see the patient.
Pryce, what the hell are you playing at?
Shit!
Mac?
Adrenaline. It will help.
I've taken care of immediate
security, but there'll be more
in the area, coming this way.
Captain, Parker's running a
rogue op for his own glory.
At least that means going in
and grabbing Idrisi won't cause
an international incident.
Did you give Jensen a
security override earlier?
I received an alert.
He was looking into intel on Lowry.
I had denied him the request.
He's barely able to function as it is.
Lowry had access my
records, Wyatt's as well,
something else is going on here.
You don't think I'm aware of that?
Right now, I'm trying to protect Jensen.
No. Right now, you are
hiding something from me.
We are not equals, Captain.
I have no duty to you.
That's a geotag from Parker.
Why would he send me that?
Get over there and find out
what the hell's going on.
So, middle of the night,
I got an email from you.
I didn't send you an email.
Yeah, I know. You were
asleep, I could see that.
You were in my hospital room?
Point is, it was a link,
to all of Will Jensen's files.
It's an automated programme,
if I don't check in every
twentyfour hours.
It's just important to
keep everything backed up.
Dude, I'm not a hard drive.
No, you're...
you're the person I trust.
Gracie, saddle up. We're
going to check on Parker.
Something might be up.
- Copy.
- Alright.
- Catch you later.
- Grace?
Okara is in cell number five.
We release all the prisoners, Doctor.
Omair, these men, they see me as
the enemy, the things I've done.
That is why you are helping me.?
Why you risked everything
to place a call to my wife.
To redeem yourself. We are all
prisoners of some kind, Doctor.
We need Okara, to open the doors.
We need to take it slowly;
The torture has taken its toll.
Okara. Now.
You promise they won't harm me?
I give you my word.
Who the hell are you?
Sergeant Wyatt. How're you doing?
Looks like I got here just in time.
You broke in here? That's impossible.
Call Colonel Parker. He'll vouch for me.
- Mostly.
- Parker's not picking up.
You just lost your eyes as well.
Look, I've got a buddy on the
wrong side of your lockdown,
Sergeant McAllister.
I know Parker will have
warned you about Jane Lowry.
That's why we're here.
To make sure she doesn't
get what she wants.
Or maybe you're here to help her.
Come on.
Okara. How long to open the doors?
I don't work for you,
Idrisi. I work for myself.
They told me there wasn't a
prison built that could hold you.
They were right. Ten minutes.
If we're lucky.
Rachel Sheridan built a
backdoor into the site.
It's via an arterial tunnel,
connected to the old drainage
system, it's about half a klick from here.
It's how me and my buddy got in.
And right now, there's a chance
that Jane Lowry knows about it too.
So just, just get some bodies down
there, guard it at least. Come on.
I wouldn't be telling you this shit
if I was working with her, would I?
Get me a patrol on the old drainage
system entrance, east of the site.
Someone else is here.
You two, go. Find... Find him.
Who else is in here?
Who else is in here, we gotta worry about?
Ibrahim Okara. ExBoko Haram.
Yeah, he's a nasty son of a
bitch. Listen, man, just get me...
Hey, hey. Easy.
Just get me in there. Just get me in
there, I'll bring it under control.
I'll find my buddy, and
we'll bring it under control.
No. No. That's not happening.
The men in there are desperate, dangerous.
If your friend is trapped
in there with them,
then he's as good as dead.
You, find a chair.
Pick him up.
Fuck off!
Tell me what you are doing here.
Had to see for myself. If it was true.
How the fuck did you survive that?
Turns out it was not my day to die.
That whole plan you had,
Markov, the Novichok,
we well and truly fucked that up for you.
Good. You still have spirit.
Something to break.
Did you come alone?
I wanted to make it extra special for you.
Come on, don't lie to me.
Where is your boyfriend, from the USA?
So much for your reputation.
I can get us out. But we're
talking hours. Not minutes.
They have too many safeguards.
Fortunately, I did not place
all my faith in you, Okara.
You forget, our captors are blind.
I have a hostage. Open
the doors before I execute.
Come on. You gotta let me in there!
Let me in there!
I can't do that!
Open the doors!
Your father, he was a good man, Omair.
He would not want you
to give into your anger.
To seek revenge.
Get the fuck off me!
Alpha Team...
You're thinking that 'this
guy won't actually hurt me'.
This guy fucking will.
Now open the fucking doors and let me in.
Alright, last chance.
No, no, no. Come on,
wake up. Wake up. Come on.
C'mon...
You, son of a bitch.
Come on!
Moving.
Parker's family.
Volkan has them.
In.
Lower your weapon, soldier.
Volkan.
Let them go.
Lower it.
You can't win this.
Idrisi is alive. Do you have
any idea of what that means?
What about when he
discovers what you've done,
turning your back on your own people?
What happens to me is not
important. He is all that matters.
Volkan is dead.
I repeat, Volkan is dead.
Solid copy on that.
Parker and his family were
held hostage, they've taken him.
They must be using him to
gain access to the site.
You need to get over
there, fast as you can.
I'll try and contact Parker again.
Open the doors!
They are not opening the door.
They are not listening to you.
Fuck you!
Neither are we.
But you're right. Maybe
a hostage is the way out.
A bullet in the leg, one in the arm,
we'll see how quickly
they'll open the door
when their most valuable
prisoner is under threat.
At least your name still
means something, Idrisi.
Stay back! Back!
Stay back!
OK, fellas. We need to
get to the control room.
We're in lockdown, sir!
Come on guys, look at me.
I'm Colonel Parker, I'm your
commanding officer and we
need to get to the goddamn control room!
Sir, I'm sorry, but we
can't open the doors.
Sir?
Hey! Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Easy, easy. I hope you've come
to sort this shitstorm out.
I'm sorry, buddy, you're going
to have to speak up, you know.
Since Grozny, I am as deaf as a post.
This way.
You have to keep me alive?
I'm just doing my job, alright?
Yeah, but if you didn't,
no one would know.
If it was the other way
around, I wouldn't hesitate.
That's why I'm the good
guy and you're the bad guy.
Your enemy is just
someone who's point of view
you haven't understood yet.
My father was a farmer.
I know what all about your father.
A western missile strike on an
incorrectly identified village.
So you understand.
Yeah, I understand that gave you
an excuse to act like a sociopath.
Bombing hotels, bringing down airliners.
What do you know...
More men than bullets.
Let's go.
They had my whole family, Wyatt.
There was nothing I could do.
The name Lila Hall mean anything to you?
Her mother was Rachel Sheridan.
And they're both dead because
you lied, you lied to everybody
and you hid Idrisi away in here.
What I do with men like Idrisi
is about keeping people safe!
Bullshit! It's about stripes and medals.
Now, I know you've got a way in there.
Yeah, I've got another way in.
I've got a way out, as
well, for both of us.
Total deniability.
We can walk away, you can get your
life back, you can go home again.
Haven't you heard? I'm with Twenty now.
Now you get me the hell in there!
This way.
You're the site director?
I'd like to see my husband.
We're... We're in lockdown.
- Well, take us out of it.
- I can't, the system's locked me out.
I know who designed this
place. I watched her die.
I also know that in lockdown, you
and Parker have the override keys.
Move him!
Listen, they don't care
about you. They want me.
So use me as bait.
You don't have enough bullets.
And I will not survive in
the hands of a man like Okara.
Wait!
Stop!
Don't move.
Shhh.
The British soldier. He's behind you.
Do you think I am stupid, Idrisi?
Drop it! Drop the weapon.
Not today, habibie.
Down, on the ground, now! Hands.
Hands.
It's nice to see you stayed on mission.
Well, one of us has got
to do a proper job?
Your boyfriend is rough.
Move.
How you doing, Omair?
Fuck you!
Faster.
It's not opening. Whatever they've
been doing has jammed the locks.
- Move, move, move!
- Go!
Got it!
Open the fucking door!
I was the one who kept him alive,
you need to understand that.
Contact.
Get down!
Changing.
Shit! Moving!
That's an ammo stack back there!
Lucky I wasn't blown to pieces.
Shoot to the right. I'm running low.
- I'm out.
- Empty.
They're out of ammo!
- Shut the fuck up!
- Go!
Aren't you guys sick
of us savin' your asses?
Highlight of my day. Moving!
- Ammo dump eleven o'clock.
- Got it.
Go!
Sitrep.
I... I've lost touch
with Novin and Reynolds.
No word from Mac and Wyatt.
Your wife and family are
at the NATO base in Zagan.
Thank you, Captain.
I've sealed the entrance,
it'll hold them a while,
but, er, we need to get a move on.
We need to talk about Idrisi,
what we're going to do with him.
Yeah, sure, let's talk.
We're gonna take him with us, Colonel.
Which means you... you've
got a long walk home.
MOP strike, asshole. Remember that?
That's the second time
you've left me for dead.
Let's go, Wyatt.
I'm glad the family's okay.
Fuck you, Sergeant.
Fuck you too, Colonel.
Maybe you should call it a day, Will.
I think I've done it.
You've done what?
I think I've cracked it.
I think... I think I've cracked the thing
that Lowry was talking about. Tenebrae.
There weren't any, er,
references, or logs, or databases,
or anything like that.
But... But when you digitally remove
something, you can leave traces.
I've been chasing the
ghosts in the machine.
I told you to leave it for now.
Never could resist a challenge.
Wait, what?
Hold on...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm
sorry, Will. I'm sorry.
I've got no choice. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
We've got the package. Over.
I won't sacrifice
all the good we've done
for one mistake.
You're asking me to eliminate
my people?
You have your orders.
Yes, ma'am.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org